Figma Logo
Back to jobs
New
Early Career, Software Engineer (2026)
San Francisco, CA • New York, NY

Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!

More than anything, we seek engineers with strong coding fundamentals and a track record of high quality engineering. We work in a highly collaborative environment, where most projects are owned by small groups of 2-3 people. We strive to foster a positive, inclusive culture - you can read more about our engineering values on our blog.

This role will be based out of our San Francisco or New York hub.
What you'll do at Figma:
In 30 days, you will…

    Be paired with an onboarding buddy on your team who will help you ramp in our codebase and get to know Figma. You’ll move from starter tasks meant to familiarize you with our workflows, to joining your teammates on larger projects
    Understand how we operate as a business through our comprehensive onboarding program, Figma Today
    Get to know your Figmates across the company! 

In 60 days, you will…

    Work closely with teammates and partners in Product, Design, Marketing, User Research, and Data Science to build new features and achieve roadmap goals. We prioritize collaboration and cross-functional partnerships, so you won’t operate in silos
    Craft performance objectives with your manager that align to company priorities and career development opportunities
    Help grow Figma by interviewing candidates for teams across the Engineering organization

We'd love to hear from you if you have:

    Solid technical knowledge of CS fundamentals and data structures
    Have experience writing clean code in at least one general-purpose language (e.g. C++, JavaScript, Python, Java, etc.)
    Have worked on projects through school, work, or personal exploration that required solving technical problems
    Are excited to explore how systems are designed and operate, from infrastructure to UI
    Communicate well, ask great questions, and enjoy collaborating with others
    A growth mindset with an eagerness to learn and contribute not only to your engineering team, but the entire organization

While not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:

    Comfort with Figma products

At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

#LI-CC1

Pay Transparency Disclosure

If based in Figma’s San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.    

Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80% and 100% of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 

Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental & vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave & reproductive or family planning support, mental health & wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning & development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles and an annual bonus plan for eligible non-sales roles. Figma’s compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.

Annual Base Salary Range (SF/NY Hub):

$155,000 - $155,000 USD

At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.

We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-ext@figma.com. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities. 

Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to: 

    Holding interviews in an accessible location
    Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing
    Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers
    Changing the mode or format of interviews 

To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.

By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice.

Create a Job Alert

Interested in building your career at Figma? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email.
Create alert
Apply for this job

*

indicates a required field
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone
Country*
Phone*
Resume/CV*
Attach
Enter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf
Full legal name*
Preferred First Name
Pronouns
Select...

If you'd like to, please let us know your pronouns.
LinkedIn Profile
Other Website
How did you connect with us?*
Select...
If you are currently enrolled in university or a program, what is your expected graduation date?*
Select...
From which US hub would you prefer to work?
Select...
Why do you want to join Figma?*

Please share 3-4 sentences on why you want to join Figma
Are you authorized to work in the country for which you applied? *
Select...
Have you ever worked for Figma before, as an employee or a contractor/consultant? *
Select...
Voluntary Self-Identification

For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.

As set forth in Figma’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law.
Gender
Select...
Are you Hispanic/Latino?
Select...
Race & Ethnicity Definitions

If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:

A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.

A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.

An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.

An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.
Veteran Status
Select...
Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability
Form CC-305
Page 1 of 1
OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 04/30/2026

Why are you being asked to complete this form?

We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years.

Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.
How do you know if you have a disability?

A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to:

    Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally)
    Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS
    Blind or low vision
    Cancer (past or present)
    Cardiovascular or heart disease
    Celiac disease
    Cerebral palsy
    Deaf or serious difficulty hearing
    Diabetes
    Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders
    Epilepsy or other seizure disorder
    Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome
    Intellectual or developmental disability
    Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD
    Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
    Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports
    Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS)
    Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities
    Partial or complete paralysis (any cause)
    Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema
    Short stature (dwarfism)
    Traumatic brain injury

Disability Status
Select...

PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.

Powered by

Read our Privacy Policy
